Constructors are used to initialize the instance variables.
Constructors never create an object.
Constructor must be used only for initialization .it is recommended.
If we want to know the number of objects created we can use initializer block in which we can increment the count value of static variable.
If we add return type before constructor then Compiler will treat it as a method bcoz method name can be same as of class.
Having method with same name as class name is allowed but not recommended bcoz it reduces readability of the code.
Only applicable modifiers for constructors are public , default , protected and private.
Compiler is responsible to generate default constructor.
A comstructor which is generated by the compiler is known as default constructor 
It is always have no arguments 
The access modifier of default constructor is always same as of class .
Default constructor contains only super(); call inside its body.
If we create no arguments constructor without this and super keyword compiler always generate super inside the comstructor.
We can use super() and this() inside constructor only.
This and super are keywords which can be used everywhere except the static comtext bcoz they are used to refer instance members.
Type promotion is applicable for overloaded constructors as well.
Constructors are never inherited so overriding is not possible.
Recursive method call is runtime error showing stack overflow error means two methods call each other recursively.
Recursive constructor call is compile time error showing recursive constructor invocation means two constructors call each other recursively.
It is always a good practice to write a default constructor for each class otherwise there may be a possibility of mismatch of constructors in parent and child class.eg if parent class contains parameterized constructor and in child class if we doesnt create any constructor then Compiler will generate default constructor and it causes mismatch of constructor in parent and child class.
If the parent class constructor throws checked exception then child class constructor should throw same Exception or parent of that exception.

